we got a lovely animal story on CNN
there's a deer that is being raised like
like a dog like a pet a deer that
refuses to leave this fucking yard of
this family so they put a leash on them
and stuff and the deer actually follows
the the family around literally jumps up
and saw it's kind of cute
what look at things and pet it the thing
won't leave hmm
Oh Italy get some fucking lie disease
her Lyme disease mr. garden know how
fucking not wet Leyland beer fucking the
haunches up on his front and like donkey
kicks somebody right in the fucking
[Laughter]
[Music]
lesson penance done on a Pettit ear his
chin with a roundhouse just come around
and clock him in that flat side of his
head shocked would a deer be if he'd
belted in the face of he would be so
surprised just like jump it and run away
his little white teeth never return to
the yard
wouldn't know what was happening police
know used to mean like the fed just from
back around just a roundhouse of breasts
no he's used to hear this yeah so what
you do you scratching his chin then you
roundhouse right his cheekbone and he
fucking like would he be shocked at this
run away looking over his shoulder like
does that plan hold your hand out with a
little bit of grain in there so he's
eating it and and thinking everything's
fine he's chewing and then you just come
across and hit him in that little
Halfmoon pan around the whole thing on
the side of their mouth or across up
onto the bridge of his fuck
those fucking comes out with Alan jeal
fucking punch his eyes would be just
open all big and widel shock hopefully
wide is how much me with brass knuckles
ho please fall down and then get up and
run away come backwards he has to go
back to the deer community and just feel
like an asshole cuz they'd all be like
we told yourself told you they don't
just feed you they fuck you up they
always want something big brass knuckle
marks on his face would that be so funny
to see Ricky's little deer joy haven't
talked to your wire for three months
hopefully the owners care about him okay
tonight is gonna be fuckin licking
licking soft grass hopefully getting
nutrients I can grab that white tail and
deep fluttering trying to run my Tiki
say Kate Kate see sorry for Mudville
rights Chuck Liddell vs. Bambi just give
him a nice like from way around behind
you all would he be surprised
roundhouse yeah go with a roundhouse a
fucking just a job punch see if he's got
a glass jaw or not
[Laughter]